I#3215 (#3382)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SkypeForBusiness: Teams/healthcare/amion-api.md

---
title: "AMION app scheduling with Teams "
author: jambirk
ms.author: jambirk 
manager: serdars
audience: ITPro
ms.topic: article 
ms.service: msteams 
search.appverid: MET150
localization_priority: Normal
MS.collection: Teams_ITAdmin_PracticalGuidance
appliesto:
- Microsoft Teams
ms.reviewer: vanido, acolonna
description: scheduling interop with shifts
---

> # AMION scheduling app for Teams 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Amion scheduling app for Teams 
```

> The AMION app displays on-call data for hospitals and gives users an option to import that data into Shifts. The import happens seamlessly using the Graph APIs without further user input. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Amion app displays on-call data for hospitals and gives users an option to import that data into Shifts. The import happens seamlessly using the Graph APIs without further user input. 
```

Admins in a healthcare environment can choose to restrict access to third party apps, but if you wish to use the patients app and shifts you will probably want to enable this app as well.

## FeatureName overview

Short overview of what the new feature is. 

- What is the new or updated experience?

- Does this feature replace an existing feature/experience? If yes, what is the transition plan?

> - Does this feature has dependency on other features? If yes, list/explain the dependencies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Does this feature have dependency on other features? If yes, list/explain the dependencies.
```

- List the key deployment scenarios - why would people use this feature? 

## [OPTIONAL] Planning for feature

> Some features would require careful pre-planning before deployment can begin. For those features, cover what planning tasks customers should complete.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some features would require careful pre-planning before deployment can begin. For those features, cover the planning tasks that customers should complete.
```

## Configure feature

How do you configure this feature? Cover these points: 

- Are there any prerequisites?

- Is this feature per org or per user? 

- Use PowerShell or UI?

- Short instructions on how to turn on the feature for the organization or for individual users. 

## Manage feature

> - Add subsections with basic management tasks that would be required or that we expect customer to perform. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add subsections with basic management tasks that is required or that the customer is expected to perform. 
```
